rs: retry to bootstrap vshard within the timeout (#1163)
tarantool/tt: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a crash in `tt aeon connect` when processing responses
  from certain SQL commands.
- `tt cat|play <DIR>` with directories handles only `.snap` or `.xlog` files.

> - Fixed usage of `timeout` parameter in the `rs vshard bootstrap` command.

Reviewer: Please write what exactly behavior was corrected.
```suggestion
- `rs vshard bootstrap`: ignore `timeout` flag on an error.
```
